{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern JetBrains Mono;}}
{\colortbl ;\red207\green142\blue109;\red188\green190\blue196;\red199\green125\blue187;\red86\green168\blue245;\red106\green171\blue115;\red42\green172\blue184;\red179\green174\blue96;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Dessert.java\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs24 package \cf2 day4;\line\line\cf1 public abstract class \cf2 Dessert \{\line     \cf1 protected double \cf3 quantity\cf2 ;\line     \cf1 protected \cf2 String \cf3 flavour\cf2 ;\line\line\line\line     \cf1 public \cf4 Dessert\cf2 (\cf1 double \cf2 quantity,String flavour)\line     \{\line         \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 quantity\cf2 =quantity;\line         \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 flavour\cf2 =flavour;\line\line     \}\line\line     \cf1 public abstract double \cf4 calculatePrice\cf2 ();\line     \cf1 public abstract \cf2 String \cf4 displayName\cf2 ();\line\line\line\}\line\par

\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22\par
Candies.java\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs24 package \cf2 day4;\line\line\cf1 public class \cf2 Candies \cf1 extends \cf2 Dessert\{\line     \cf1 protected double \cf3 candyPrice\cf2 ;\line\line     \cf1 public \cf4 Candies\cf2 (\cf1 double \cf2 quantity,String flavour) \{\line         \cf1 super\cf2 (quantity,flavour);\line         \cf1 if\cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "chocolate"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 candyPrice\cf2 =\cf6 150\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else if \cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "vanila"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 candyPrice\cf2 =\cf6 200\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else if \cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "mango"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 candyPrice\cf2 =\cf6 300\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else\line             this\cf2 .\cf3 candyPrice\cf2 =\cf6 100\cf2 ;\line\line     \}\line\line     \cf7 @Override\line     \cf1 public double \cf4 calculatePrice\cf2 () \{\line         \cf1 return \cf2 (\cf3 quantity\cf2 /\cf6 1000\cf2 )*\cf3 candyPrice\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\line     \cf7 @Override\line     \cf1 public \cf2 String \cf4 displayName\cf2 () \{\line         \cf1 return \cf5 "Dessert Type : Candy , Dessert Flavour : "\cf2 + \cf3 flavour\cf2 + \cf5 ", Quantity in Grams : "\cf2 + \cf3 quantity\cf2 + \cf5 ", And Price per Kg = "\cf2 +\cf3 candyPrice\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\}\line\par

\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22 Cookies.java\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs24 package \cf2 day4;\line\line\cf1 public class \cf2 Cookies \cf1 extends \cf2 Dessert\{\line     \cf1 double \cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 ;\line     \cf1 protected \cf2 String \cf3 name\cf2 =\cf5 "Cookie"\cf2 ;\line     \cf1 public \cf4 Cookies\cf2 (\cf1 double \cf2 quantity,String flavour) \{\line         \cf1 super\cf2 (quantity,flavour);\line         \cf1 if\cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "chocolate"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 =\cf6 180\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else if \cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "vanila"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 =\cf6 240\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else if \cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "mint"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 =\cf6 300\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else\line             this\cf2 .\cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 =\cf6 120\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\line     \cf7 @Override\line     \cf1 public double \cf4 calculatePrice\cf2 () \{\line         \cf1 return \cf3 quantity\cf2 *(\cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 /\cf6 12\cf2 );\line     \}\line\line     \cf7 @Override\line     \cf1 public \cf2 String \cf4 displayName\cf2 () \{\line         \cf1 return \cf5 "Dessert Type : Cookies , Dessert Flavour : "\cf2 + \cf3 flavour\cf2 + \cf5 ", Quantity in nos : "\cf2 + \cf3 quantity\cf2 + \cf5 ", And Price per Dozzen = "\cf2 +\cf3 cookiePrice\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\}\line\par

\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22 Icecream.java\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs24 package \cf2 day4;\line\line\cf1 public class \cf2 Icecream \cf1 extends \cf2 Dessert\{\line     \cf1 double \cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 ;\line     \cf1 protected \cf2 String \cf3 name\cf2 =\cf5 "Ice Cream"\cf2 ;\line     \cf1 public \cf4 Icecream\cf2 (\cf1 double \cf2 quantity,String flavour) \{\line         \cf1 super\cf2 (quantity,flavour);\line         \cf1 if\cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "chocolate"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 =\cf6 40\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else if \cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "vanila"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 =\cf6 50\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else if \cf2 (flavour.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "butterscotch"\cf2 ))\line             \cf1 this\cf2 .\cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 =\cf6 60\cf2 ;\line         \cf1 else\line             this\cf2 .\cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 =\cf6 35\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\line     \cf7 @Override\line     \cf1 public double \cf4 calculatePrice\cf2 () \{\line         \cf1 return \cf3 quantity\cf2 *\cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\line     \cf7 @Override\line     \cf1 public \cf2 String \cf4 displayName\cf2 () \{\line         \cf1 return \cf5 "Dessert Type : Ice Cream , Dessert Flavour : "\cf2 + \cf3 flavour\cf2 + \cf5 ", Quantity in nos : "\cf2 + \cf3 quantity\cf2 + \cf5 ", And Price per piece = "\cf2 +\cf3 iceCreamPrice\cf2 ;\line     \}\line\}\line\par

\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22 Cart.java\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs24 package \cf2 day4;\line\line\cf1 public class \cf2 Cart \{\line     \cf1 protected double \cf3 totalBill\cf2 ;\line\line     \cf1 public void \cf4 addToCart\cf2 (Dessert dessert)\line     \{\line         System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(dessert.displayName());\line         System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Price for Current order is : "\cf2 +dessert.calculatePrice());\line         \cf3 totalBill \cf2 += dessert.calculatePrice();\line\line     \}\line     \cf1 public void \cf4 displayTotalBill\cf2 ()\{\line         System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Total Bill of your order is " \cf2 + \cf3 totalBill\cf2 );\line     \}\line\}\line\par

\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22 Store.java\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs24 package \cf2 day4;\line\line\cf1 import \cf2 java.util.Scanner;\line\line\cf1 public class \cf2 Store \{\line     \cf1 public static void \cf4 main\cf2 (String[] args) \{\line         Cart cart = \cf1 new \cf2 Cart();\line         Scanner sc = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(System.\cf3\i in\cf2\i0 );\line         \cf1 int \cf2 count=\cf6 0\cf2 ;\line\line         \cf1 while \cf2 (\cf1 true\cf2 )\line         \{\line             System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "*************************  Welcome to The Store   ***********************"\cf2 );\line             System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "What do you Want to Buy \cf1\\n\cf5 Candies \cf1\\n\cf5 Cookies \cf1\\n\cf5 IceCream \cf1\\n\cf5 Exit"\cf2 );\line             String item = sc.next();\line             count++;\line             \cf1 if \cf2 (item.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "candies"\cf2 ))\line             \{\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Candies Menu  \cf1\\n\cf5 Flavour      Price/Kg\cf1\\n\cf5 Chocolate    150/kg\cf1\\n\cf5 vanila       200/kg\cf1\\n\cf5 mango        300/kg\cf1\\n\cf5 normal       100/kg"\cf2 );\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Enter flavour : "\cf2 );\line                 String flavour = sc.next();\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 " Enter Quantity in Grams : "\cf2 );\line                 \cf1 double \cf2 quantity = sc.nextDouble();\line                 Dessert d1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Candies(quantity,flavour);\line                 cart.addToCart(d1);\line             \}\line             \cf1 else if \cf2 (item.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "cookies"\cf2 ))\line             \{\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Cookies Menu  \cf1\\n\cf5 Flavour      Price/dozzen\cf1\\n\cf5 Chocolate    180/dozzen\cf1\\n\cf5 vanila       240/dozzen\cf1\\n\cf5 mint         300/dozzen\cf1\\n\cf5 normal       120/dozzen"\cf2 );\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Enter flavour : "\cf2 );\line                 String flavour = sc.next();\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 " Enter Quantity in Pieces : "\cf2 );\line                 \cf1 double \cf2 quantity = sc.nextDouble();\line                 Dessert d1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Cookies(quantity,flavour);\line                 cart.addToCart(d1);\line\line             \}\line             \cf1 else if \cf2 (item.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "icecream"\cf2 ))\line             \{\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "IceCream Menu  \cf1\\n\cf5 Flavour      Price/piece\cf1\\n\cf5 Chocolate    40/piece\cf1\\n\cf5 vanila       50/piece\cf1\\n\cf5 butterscotch 60/piece\cf1\\n\cf5 normal       35/piece"\cf2 );\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Enter flavour : "\cf2 );\line                 String flavour = sc.next();\line                 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 " Enter Quantity in Pieces : "\cf2 );\line                 \cf1 double \cf2 quantity = sc.nextDouble();\line                 Dessert d1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Icecream(quantity,flavour);\line                 cart.addToCart(d1);\line\line             \}\line             \cf1 else\line                 \cf2 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Invalid Input.."\cf2 );\line\line             System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Do You Want to Continue Shopping \cf1\\n\cf5 1.Yes   2.NO"\cf2 );\line             String x = sc.next();\line             \cf1 if\cf2 (x.equalsIgnoreCase(\cf5 "no"\cf2 ))\line                 \cf1 break\cf2 ;\line         \}\line         System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "Total number of items : "\cf2 +count);\line         cart.displayTotalBill();\line     \}\line\}\line\par

\pard\ri-1492\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\par
}
 